## TL;DNR​    ​

• http://carbondesignsystem.com/

• http://www.teletravailler.fr/


## A11Y​    ​

• Toggle Button (merci Alec :)
http://edenspiekermann.github.io/a11y-toggle/

• Langage non genré et accessibilité font-ils bon ménage ?
http://access42.net/langage-non-genre-accessibilite.html?lang=fr

• 7 solutions for creating more accessible SVGs
http://simplyaccessible.com/article/7-solutions-svgs/

• A11Y Style Guide 
http://a11y-style-guide.com/style-guide/section-forms.html

• How to make error messages accessible
https://hiddedevries.nl/en/blog/2017-04-04-how-to-make-error-messages-accessible


## CSS​    ​

• Does CSS Grid Replace Flexbox?
https://css-tricks.com/css-grid-replace-flexbox/

• Apprendre CSS GRID LAYOUT avec un jeu
http://cssgridgarden.com/

• CSS Grid Template Builder
http://codepen.io/anthonydugois/full/RpYBmy/​

• Cheatsheet Flexbox
http://yoksel.github.io/flex-cheatsheet/#display

• ​Making​ animations​ wait
https://css-tricks.com/making-animations-wait/

• ​Building performant expand & collapse animations
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/03/performant-expand-and-collapse
​
• CSS Remynification: A completely crazy idea that worked
https://luisant.ca/remynifier


## ​MOBILE​    ​

​• ​Building For Mobile: RWD, PWA, AMP Or Instant Articles?
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/03/building-for-mobile-rwd-pwa-amp-instant-articles/​

​• ​No Share Buttons On Mobile Sites
https://bigmedium.com/ideas/no-mobile-share-buttons.html



## DESIGN​    ​

• Source Han Serif: a new open-sourced typeface from Adobe & Google
https://source.typekit.com/source-han-serif/​

• Creating Usability with Motion: The UX in Motion Manifesto
https://medium.com/@ux_in_motion/creating-usability-with-motion-the-ux-in-motion-manifesto-a87a4584ddc

• Designing Charts — Principles Every Designer Should Know
https://uxdesign.cc/designing-charts-principles-every-designer-should-know-5bd3969a0150



## ​PSYCHOLOGIE​    ​

• 15 Psychology Hacks that Boost UX
https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2017/03/15-psychology-hacks-that-boost-ux/



## ​TOOLS​    ​

​• Using​ devtools​ tweak​ designs​ browser
https://css-tricks.com/using-devtools-tweak-designs-browser/

​• ​Pixofield​ : Animer des SVG​ (only mac)
https://www.pixofield.com/

​• Propeller is a front-end responsive framework
http://propeller.in/index.html